The concubine dare not call the shots
But rules are not to be feared
If someone else commits it again in the future
The concubine is really powerless to manage
Empress Shu
The concubine volunteered to kneel here for a night
Please also ask the Empress and the Emperor for permission
Although the concubine is ignorant and sinful
But it also disturbed the emperor Yaxing
Deserves punishment
I will not interfere
Unless you dispose of it yourself
OK, then whatever you want
Take off this dress first
Concubine obeys
I don't think this dress is actually the atmosphere of the palace
Is this dress unreasonable?
Empress time is in a hurry
I didn't expect you to dance today
These five blessings
Or the old slave made a special trip to the Internal Affairs Office to come
How can it be unreasonable?
Hey, look how it fits you.
Besides, the goods are too late now.
The emperor is still waiting